The Verses of Greene


Verse of Creations


In the beginning, Greene created himself, and The Alium; in The Alium, only he existed within, he decided that that sucked and created his first child by forming her from the air. Her name was Donald Trump Sr. Greene then reproduced with his daughter, Donald Trump, the Goddess of money, to produced his first grandchild, Barden Maud.


He said unto Barden, “You shall beeth the Goddess of smurtness.” This birthing and assigning of duties to his children continued on for many millennia, then Greene became annoyed with the overpopulation of his universe, so he used his gravitational pull to pull everything togethereth and causeth the bigeth bangeth.


After he caused the bigeth bangeth, he created a universe that was constantly expanding, using the souls of his progeny to create the stars. He used the placenta from the births to create the planets and all solids. He then used the flesh and bones of the dead Gods to create the dinosaurs. And he used the blood to create water, lava, ice, and snow.


After millions of millennia, he got bored of his giant fidgeteth spinner, the universe. In his boredom, he willed into being, Donald Trump Jr, the New Goddess of money. He birthed Braden Daum, the new Goddess of smurtness, and many others.


The dinosaurs ruled the Earth, in all of their mighty floatingness. As it turns out, Dylan Streck, one of the Gods, disliked the idea of floating dinosaureths, so he bless-edeth Earth with gravity.


Dawayne Johnsin, the God of stone, rock, meteors, and The Rock, became annoyed with the existence of the dinosaurs. So he used console commands to spawn in a largeth meteor to killeth the dinosaureths.


Brandon Greene, being once again annoyed by the void in this planet he oversees, decidedeth that something should inhabiteth tha planeteth. He summoned a council of all of his progeny, but only Harambe showedeth up. It went to a vote, and Harambe voted for primate. Since no one else showedeth up, he allowed the primateths to walketh the planeteth.


When they first walkedeth on the planet, the primates walked on four legs. Dylan, being perturbed by this site, allowed them the ability to slightly overcome gravity and ascend to bipedalism.


TJ Krause, the God of annoyingness, is banished to Earth, and stripped of his power, by a unanimous decision amongst the others. TJ was the first human. TJ’s assistant (Toby Maguire, the God of stupidity), who had not been banished, felt pity for him. So the assistant, gave TJ fire and the first human female, Alex. The assistant is banished to the tutorial world for his stupidity; however, he was still allowed to have his power of being the God of stupidity.


Verse of Arrogations


After TJ’s and the assistance’s banishmenteth, the humans walked the Earth, all two of them, with TJ their king. After many days of boredom, the two humans eventually defiled each other, and named the first child Big Smoke.


The Gods, astounded by this defilement, decided that something must be done. They hold a meetingeth and decide upon two things: this defilement should be banned, and so it is, and some sort of game should be created to distract them away from this defilementeth. Aidan Jones volunteers to create Tetris, a game that would keep them distracted, and so this game is created, and Aidan becomes the God of it.


The first humans were not good parenteths and didn’t want to look after Big Smoke. So they gave Big Smoke Tetris so they wouldn’t have to deal with him again. It workethed like a charmeth. Big Smoke loved playing Tetris. He played it for every secondeth of every minuteth of every houreth of every dayeth of every weeketh of every montheth of every yeareth for many a year. And so began the trend of parents using videogames to babysit children.


But this left Brandon Greene very angry. So he cursed TJ with immortality. TJ became very angry at the Gods, and began to despise them. This human wrath had never been encountered before, and so it was placed under the duty of Kim Jong-Un, the God of human wrath.


TJ saw many generations come and go, and saw his friends and family die, his hatred for the Gods growing ever more intense. Eventually, the humans became annoyed of TJ’s hatred for the Gods and realized that by engaging in this hatred, they themselves were angering the Gods. So they left, and those that remained were cursed by the Gods to forever live in hiding in the caves. They began to worship the false god, Ignis Fatuus.


Those that left wandered around the Earth, having nowhere to go. Until, walking in the sand, Chickenleg received a message from Greene himself. Greene said unto Chickenleg, “You must construct a safe haven for those that would live in the name of Greene, then you shall be blessed with intelligence.” And so, Chickenleg created Laeta and its archives. The city thrived and its inhabitors were happy for happy for many a month.


One day, one of TJ’s followers delivered an edict, its statement contained the following: “Chickenleg is a false prophet, and Greene is a false God. Cease and desist this immoral following, or you shall be destroyed.” Chickenleg, afraid for his people, communed with Greene, and Greene said unto Chickenleg, “Memores acti-prudentes futuri.” The Gods knew all that TJ was planning and the plans of those that he worshipped, this blasphemy would be ended in holy war. Chickenleg said to Greene that he was no military leader and that he would never kill a man, for that is immoral. Greene so said unto Chickenleg: “Do die and kill for the holy cause is to be indeed most holy. But alas, if you will not kill, then you must hold a competition of intelligence and strength to determine the king and military leader.”


The competitions held pitted everyone against each other, the weak and unintelligent were eliminated from the competing. By the end of the day, there stood only two people willing to continue the competition. The giant, Adamastor, and the humble Robert. The challenge began and Robert first showed his mental strength, with Adamastor showing feats of strength. Adamastor challenges Robert to a duel, and as he approaches Robert, Robert issues the words “noli turbare circulos meos.” Adamastor stops, and contemplates these words, and decides to smear one of the circles with his feet. And tells Robert that Robert will never defeat him in a duel. Robert, disturbed by the disturbance of his circles, issues a second phrase, “Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru.” The giant taunts Robert once more, but it is too late for Adamastor, for Robert had already [metaphorically]removed the giant’s head from the body.


In preparation for the battle, Chickenleg had constructed teeter totters for use as weapons, blessed the soldiers, bolstered the town walls and prepared the temples for use as hospitals. King Robert used what time he had to teach the people the proper use of the sword and other weapons and conditioned the people for the battle. Robert prayed to Streck for protection, and Streck blessed him with two inventions, the trebuchet and the trap hole. And so Robert had the engineers construct many trebuchets while he dug several trapholes outside town.


The sun rises on the day of the cultists siege on Laeta. The town is entirely militarized, the means of production seized, only Chickenleg remains inside the temple tower, searching for sign of the enemy, waiting to sound the alarm at their sight. But the bell remains silent, for it never had the chance to be rung. For the battle, was not occurring at Laeta, it was occurring in the Alium, it was a battle for which the Gods had been preparing while the people of Laeta had been preparing. TJ’s army would enter through a portal opened by Yacobi Deltz into the Alium from Zemlya. When man first set foot in the Alium, all was lost. The sky turned from its usual black to a red, rain hammered from the sky, the very ground they stood upon shook and roared with an earthquake powerful enough to move worlds. The armies of the cultists were cursed and banished, deformed by their own impurities.


All the cultists gone, all but one, Krause himself sets himself in Greene’s throne, and the sky turns a bright light, with an extremely bright being inhabiting the sky: Ignis Fatuus, willed into being by the cultists. Ignis Fatuus laid many attacks upon the Gods, but this attack failed, for Brandon Dunn had blocked it, and in doing so, died. King Robert, seeing Ignis, challenged him to a duel. Robert’s ascension into the plane within which Ignis exists, froze time in Zemlya. 


The duel waged on for a century, for every attack, there was a block, and the battle was stalemate. As the battle waged on, Robert’s energy began to drain, and his fighting began to become sluggish. Ignis landed a single blow across Robert’s leg, and Robert stops fighting for one moment. Robert looks down in a moment of self-doubt, a moment of questioning, as he sees the blood running down his legs. It is in this moment of pause, that Robert says to Ignis a selection of words that will ring through eternity: “You fool, your pointless attempts at an assault only steels my resolve.” Upon saying this, Robert slays Ignis with a final slash from a random scythe he found.


Verse of Retaliations


With the fall of Ignis Fatuus, Krause was once again cast from the Alium. Brandon Dunn was declared the God of death, and Deltz the God of betrayal. King Robert was blessed with longevity for his deeds and in being so blessed, King Robert lived long.


But the holy war was not over, not yet. Krause had a second army that advanced upon the town of Laeta. Unseen by the celebrating townspeople, the army simultaneously slayed all of the watchmen. Chickenleg, fatigued by a day's worth of watching the horizon and hungry for his next meal, could not see that the guardsmen had been replaced by agents of the Fatuus cult. An arrow goes by Chickenleg’s head and removes the rope, the bell, now permanently silent, rocks slightly from the arrow’s Force Push. Chickenleg looks up to search for his assailant, but it is too late, for an arrow pierces his heart. Chickenleg, no longer able to breathe, falls down the ladder and into his private quarters.


The celebrations continue until someone screams. Large flaming boulders are raining upon the people of Laeta. The town crier shouts, “The end is nigh, the world destroyer has come to consume us.” One of the boulders smashes the gates, and a flood of Cultists enter the city, attacking the townspeople.


King Robert tells the people to retreat into the temple as he draws his sword. An army of 3,000 flood into the town and Robert cuts them down as they approach. As the people are entering the temple, they are greeted by Chickenleg’s dead body and the cultists that had killed the watchmen. The townspeople begin to lose hope as the cultist army surrounds them.


King Robert, seeing the enemies emerging from the temple, retreats to save his people. He hands his sword to his former foe Adamastor, as he eliminates the ambushing party in the temple. Robert sees the enemy, and he challenges them to Mortal Kombat. Robert defeats all of the fake guardsmen singlehandedly and unarmed.


After defeating the ambushing party, Robert climbs the bell tower to assess the invading army. However, he is unable to see the enemy for there is not enough light. If there was light, the people in charge of the trebuchets would be able to pelt the enemy with boulders. Robert kneels and prays, for he is beginning to lose hope. He asks for assistance in winning the battle.


His prayers finished, a somber Robert leaves the bell tower and retrieves his sword from Adamastor. Together, they lead the defensive push against the Fatuus incursion. The fighting is stale, neither side gaining an advantage over the other. Robert strikes, they parry, he ripostes, they block and it starts again. Adamastor attacks, they parry, he blocks and feigns, they prepare a block, he attacks an unblocked point, and they deflect. 


The cultists scream and begin a retreat. As Robert turns to see what could have scared the blasphemers so, a large crash echoes across the lands. The eyes of the people beheld, Zemlya’s first lightning, Bariq’s gift to the people of Laeta. The people cheer as the cultists retreat. But one of them fall and activate the traphole. Trapped between the hole and the forces of Laeta, the cultists decide they might as well die fighting. In the flash of light from the lightning, the trebuchets were able to see the cultists and struck them down with 90 kg projectiles of fury. The cult was vanquished.


Verse of Condemnations


TJ, for trying to usurp the Alium, was given a second curse. His second curse was so, TJ will be able to understand everything that is said to him, regardless of language, but no one will understand what he tries to communicate, no matter how much effort he gives in. All those who assisted him were promptly executed. Those that were involved in the leadership of the cult were, after being executed, banished to the tutorial world, where they will be forced to build, destroy, and rebuild the same house. Yacobi was also banished to the tutorial realm and stripped of his powers.


Verse of Accolades


King Robert, for his defense of all that was holy, was blessed with longevity. Indeed it was so, for King Robert lived long. Robert became known as the Holeman for his trap holes were important to the defense of Laeta. In death, Robert was granted the title of patron saint of kings and trebuchets and was granted access to the center tiers of the Alium.


Adamastor had a statue constructed in his honor and a plaque was placed by it. Unfortunately, over time, the people would forget his accomplishments and people would no longer honor his name.


The town did not know what to do with Chickenleg’s body, so King Robert had prayed to Gods, that they might guide him in the proper method of allowing Chickenleg’s spirit continue to whatever echelon of the Alium he was granted. And so Dunn said unto Robert, “Build a shrine to me, and I will aid his spirit’s transition. Build an elegant shrine to Chickenleg, that his name be remembered, and put his body in a fine sarcophagus, that his body may be put to rest.” And so, the people carried out these orders and constructed many beautiful shrines, the finest that human eyes have ever laid eyes upon.


Verse of Half-wits


Braden Daum, after a memory lapsed, forgets that it is immoral to give the mortals fire. And also that they Gods shall not interact with the Ignis Fatuus cult. One of the members of the cult, being unfamiliar with the dark and instead appreciating the light left in the void by Ignis Fatuus, prayed that he might receive a way to light the dark. Braden Daum was eavesdropping when he heard that pray, and decided that he might grant this man what it was he was requesting. And having thus decided his course of action, Daum decided to give to the cultist fire, the tool of the Gods. The other Gods, having thus been insulted by Daum, swiftly reprimand Daum and punish him by forcing him to do DGP and making it so that any mortal he sees will appear a LaHood, a being of evil.


Verse of Didacticisms




Phineas - Eanipsch